big bry the movie guy hi there big by
the movie guy today we're going to be
reviewing how to train your dragon a
movie about a Viking town overrun by
guess what dragons in this town is pick
up our protagonist hiccup is a scrawny
little squirrely little kid that seems
to not be able to do anything right his
dad is the big Viking on campus and also
the village is chief pick up on
something more than to please his dad
the figures you can do this by capturing
hand or killing your dragon once he
captures the dragon hands up forming a
bond which outlines the rest of the
story and to the disbelief of his
friends and families ends up doing okay
for himself as a surprise ending and the
3d you know what this is the kind of
image should be reviewed by a little kid
I mean I'm going to go back in time for
a second let me see if I can okay oh boy
that was weird well I'm little it's a
little bride the movie guy and hmm you
know what let's take a look at the video
clip
Lea fishing hunting and a churn review
of the Sun sets the only problems are
the pests you see most places have mice
or mosquitoes James
fighting dragons is everything around
here are they
I've always wanted to be a great
breaking oh no you do it tom come on
mommy am I need to make my mark you got
pasta mama you got xanax he can't even
throw one of these but this will throw
it for me
yes I am and we're back well first off
let's just say that the 3d was excellent
I mean there were parts to have me
jumping out of my seat the problem is
the characters probably could have been
fleshed out a lot better than they were
but the action sequences were pretty
decent the way the dragons were flying
around I mean it really kept my
attention for the most part I just felt
that they went a little too heavy on the
adult stuff between the dad and the son
ultimately this movie warranted let's I
would give it a seventy percent that's
right seventy percent I recommend it go
out and see this movie it's pretty good
for kids but the action was awesome so
big brother movie guy signing off and
just want to tell you just because I'm
small today doesn't mean I won't be big
tomorrow peace